# Move Slow and Craft Things

Any business, sartup or otherwise, goes through different phases of their
existence and the differnet phases call for different strategies and tactics
depending on the nature of the particular phase.

I am here to argue that the idea that startups (or their constituent employees)
need to "Move Fast and Break Things" as popularized by Mark Zuckerg while
piloting Facebook to gobal hyper-unicorn* status, should in fact be considered
an operational mode that a company may chose to deploy if they decide they are
in a similar position to Facebook, or some other situation that calls for it.

Further, that companies should always explore and often choose other modes of
operation in response to similar stimuli.  Even modes that would likely be
perceived as "slow" by management team's standards these days.

## need a catchy title

For example:

TODO: Describe the approach of having a team do some sort of initial process to
use normal lean startup techniques to decide on an initial product to build,
but then work out some plans and set the basic requirements in stone.  Know
that the first version is going to be bad/wrong, and that it serves mostly as a
straw man but also provides a valuable and quick way to get momentum going,
etc.  Then iterate on that initial thing once it's done until the framework for
it is super polished.  Then design v2, build, etc.  Kind of like mini-waterfall
or something.  Anyway, point being, if done right the super polished advanced
efficient tools that would emerge should enable you to go so fast after 2-3(5?)
cycles that you can then move very fast and break very few things.  This costs
more but I bet the added % chances of success go way up.  May be a way to do it
with just one throw away by figuring out what the most desirable qualities in a
v0 throwaway are and helping people figure out how to get them quickly and
cheaply.

* [TODO: acquire awesome hyper unicorn image]
